Rhnsd #8149 ke (#552)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/reference/pages/systems/systems-list.adoc

* The system is not entitled to any {productname} service.
System profiles that remain unentitled for 180 days (6 months) are removed.

> * The system is entitled, but [systemitem]``rhnsd`` has been disabled on the traditionally managed system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The system is entitled, but [systemitem]``rhnsd`` has been disabled on the traditional client.
```
